AQUATIC FACILITY MANAGER
Class Code: 3dc
Open Date: 05-29-15
Revised: 06-09-15

ANNUAL SALARY

$6,646 to $81,536; $93,584 to $98,804; $95,588 to $100,913; $101,831 to $107,511; and $102,980 to $108,722

    NOTES

1. Candidates from the eligible List are normally appointed to vacancies in the lower pay grade positions.
2. The current salary range is subject to change. You may confirm the starting salary with the hiring department before acc

DUTIES

An Aquatic Facility Manager directs or assists in the direction of the operation of a City pool, ocean beach, or Lake facil

REQUIREMENT

Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university and 1200 hours of paid experience as a Seasonal Pool Manager

NOTES:

1. Applicants must include the specific beginning and ending dates (month, day and year); and number of hours worked per we
2. At the time of appointment you must present a valid certificate in Water Safety Instruction, Standard First Aid Instruct
3. In addition to the regular City application, all applicants must complete the Aquatic Facility Manager Qualifications Qu
4. Some positions may require a valid California driver's License. Candidates may not be eligible for appointment to these
5. Applicants using City of Los Angeles experience must submit a Verification of Work Experience (VWE) form. The VWE form m
6. Applicants required to submit a VWE form will have 7 calendar days from the on-line submission date to submit a copy of

WHERE TO APPLY

Applications will only be accepted on-line. When you are viewing the on-line job bulletin of your choice, simply scroll to

NOTES:

1. Applicants are urged to apply early to ensure you have time to resolve any technical issues you may encounter.
2. All application materials must be complete at the time of filing for you to be considered a candidate in this examinati

APPICATION DEADLINE

Applications will only be accepted on-line on the dates listed below:

From 8:00 a.m. Friday, July 13, 2018 to 11:59 p.m., Thursday, July 26, 2018
From 8:00 a.m. Friday, June 7, 2019 to 11:59 p.m., Thursday, June 20, 2019

In accordance with Civil Service Rule 4.2, all applicants who apply may not be tested in this examination. To meet anticip

QUALIFICATIONS REVIEW

Should a large number of qualified candidates file for this examination, each candidate's qualifications for the position

SELECTION PROCESS

Examination Weight: Interview.

The examination will consist entirely of an evaluation of professional and personal qualifications by interview. In the int

Additionally, the interview board will consider the information in the candidate's Qualifications Questionnaire in their ov

Candidates will be notified by e-mail of the date and time of the interview, which will be held in Los Angeles. It is anti

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT

1. Candidates must achieve a qualifying time on the qualifying swimming test. The test will be given only to those candida
A. 70-foot Dummy Tow. Rescue of a dummy from the bottom of the pool (12 feet under water and 70 feet from the start point)
B. 200-yard Medley Swim. Using proper style and form, swimming 50 yards of each of the following in sequence: conventiona
2. The qualifying time is a weighted time of less than 9 minutes for the two events. This time is computed by adding the a
3. Newly appointed candidates will be required to pass a medical examination given by a City physician. Hearing must be no
4. After appointment, Aquatic Facility Managers will be required to satisfactorily complete an in-service training course c
5. After appointment to the class of Aquatic Facility Manager, incumbents must successfully complete a timed swim test of 5


NOTES:

1. Based on City policy, before being hired in one of these positions, you may be required to undergo a drug and alcohol s
2. As a covered entity under the Fair Employment and Housing Act and Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the
3. Applications are accepted subject to review to ensure that minimum qualifications are met. Candidates may be disqualif
4. A final average score of 70% is required to be placed on the eligible list.
5. If in accordance with the Rule of Three Whole Scores all applicants are eligible for appointment consideration, the exa

Notice:

If you receive and accept an offer of employment to a regular position with the City of Los Angeles, your employee benefit

THIS EXAMINATION IS TO BE GIVEN
ONLY ON AN OPEN COMPETITIVE BASIS

The City of Los Angeles does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, s
Class Code 2423.

AN EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER